Brain immunity/reformat files into separate pages (#1863)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/enterprise/1.3-x/brain-immunity/install-configure.md

1. **KONG_PROTOCOL**: The protocol that Kong Admin API can be reached at.  It's going to be either http or https.
2. **KONG_HOST**: The host name that Kong Admin API can be reached at.  If deploying with Docker Compose, this is going to be the name of the Kong container specified in the compose file.  If Kong Admin has been exposed behind a web address, KONG_HOST will be that web address.
3. **KONG_PORT**: The port where Kong Admin can be found.  Together with KONG_PROTOCOL and KONG_HOST, Collector App is able to communicate with Kong Admin
4. **KONG_ADMIN_TOKEN**: The authentication token used to validate requests for Kong Admin API, if configured.
5. **SQLALCHEMY_DATABASE_URI**: The sql alchemy formated URI that points to the Postgres Database that collector App is using as a backend.  The format is: postgresql://<USER>:<PASSWORD>@<POSTGRES-HOST>:<POSTGRES-PORT>/collector

> 6. **SLACK_WEBHOOK_URL**: The url of the slack channel that Immunity alert notifications should be sent to.  This url will be the default channel alerts are sent to, however more channels and rules configuring which alerts to send to which channel can be made.  See the [Adding a Slack Configuration](alerts.md#adding-a-slack-configuration)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. **SLACK_WEBHOOK_URL**: The url of the slack channel that Immunity alert notifications should be sent to.  This url will be the default channel alerts are sent to, however more channels and rules configuring which alerts to send to which channel can be made.  See the topic on [Adding a Slack Configuration](/enterprise/{{page.kong_version}}/brain-immunity/alerts#alert-slack-integration).
```

curl http://<COLLECTOR_HOST>:<COLLECTOR_PORT>/status
```

## Everything is ready to go
Collector App and Kong are up and ready to analyze incoming traffic for [alerts](/enterprise/{{page.kong_version}}/brain-immunity/alerts), [auto-generate specs](/enterprise/{{page.kong_version}}/brain-immunity/auto-generated-specs), and display your traffic visually in [Service-Map](/enterprise/{{page.kong_version}}/brain-immunity/service-map).

> For any problems encountered while setting up Collector App, Collector Plugin, or configuring other aspects of Brain and Immunity, please check out [troubleshooting](troubleshooting.md) for help debugging common problems.

Reviewer: Looks like troubleshooting.md isn't exposed in the nav, need to add it. The link will also need to be: /enterprise/{{page.kong_version}}/brain-immunity/troubleshooting
